# GAN
Introduction to GAN - Notes from  https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/gan

**Generative Adversarial Network** GANs are just one kind of generative model.

*Generative model*  - create new data instances. capture the joint probability p(X, Y), or just p(X) if there are no labels

*Discrimnative model* - discriminate the data instances. Capture the conditional probability p(Y | X)

Discriminative models try to draw boundaries in the data space, while generative models try to model how data is placed throughout the space.

In a GAN, the output of the generator is fed to the the discriminator. Both Generator and Discriminator are NN. The inputs to the discriminator are the real data and the fake(generated by generator) data. The task of the discriminator is to classify if its real data or fake data generated by generator. As training progress( with backpropogation to adjust the generator during the generator training) , the generator learns to fool the discriminator with fake data.

During the discriminator training, the generator just produces inputs for the discriminator and the discriminator just learns the real data and fake data classification. Generator is not penalized during discriminator training. 

Generator training:

Sample random noise.

Produce generator output from sampled random noise.

Get discriminator "Real" or "Fake" classification for generator output.

Calculate loss from discriminator classification.

Backpropagate through both the discriminator and generator to obtain gradients.

Use gradients to change only the generator weight


GAN training

GAN training proceeds in alternating periods:

The discriminator trains for one or more epochs.
The generator trains for one or more epochs.
Repeat steps 1 and 2 to continue to train the generator and discriminator networks.

As the generator improves with training, the discriminator performance gets worse because the discriminator can't easily tell the difference between real and fake. If the generator succeeds perfectly, then the discriminator has a 50% accuracy.

2 common GAN loss functions:

minimax loss
Wasserstein loss: The default loss function for TF-GAN Estimators
